THE PLANT ROOM, IN THE ORDER IT WAS PHOTOGRAPHED

Thirty-three photographs. This is the evidence folder: nearly every factual
claim in the survey is read off something in here, and the survey cites these
by number, so "photograph 34" always means 34 in this folder.

WHAT EACH ONE SHOWS
  One line each, in MEDIA.tsv at the top of the repository:

      python3 tools/media.py show 04_plant-room

  CONTACT-SHEET.jpg in this folder is all thirty-three as thumbnails, numbered.
  Open that first. It is 385 KB against 91 MB of originals, and it answers
  "which one do I want?" without opening anything.

THREE SESSIONS, NOT ONE
  The index runs in capture order, so the folder reads as three visits:

      01           16:26   the photosphere, shot first and on its own
      02 to 11     16:35   a walk round at eye level
      12 to 22     17:05   a second walk, wider, then the panel in detail
      23 to 34     22:12   an evening pass with better light, closer in

  Later is generally better lit and closer. Where two photographs show the same
  thing, prefer the higher number unless the caption says otherwise.

THE ONES EVERYTHING ELSE RESTS ON
  01   the photosphere. 39 megapixels from a single optical centre, and the
       source every image in 08_panoramas/ is reprojected from. If a wide view
       and this disagree, this wins.
  20   the electrical panel, complete and every label readable. The reference
       for anything electrical.
  29   the TRi PRO with its cables running down to the POD, whose lid carries
       the pH probe, the ORP probe, the flow switch and the acid injection.
       This is what settled where the acid goes in.
  34   the manifold wall with the owner's own marks on it. The only photograph
       here that carries testimony rather than only pixels.

PAIRS THAT LOOK REDUNDANT AND ARE NOT
  12 and 13 are five seconds apart, and 14 and 15 ten. Each pair is a step
  further round the same corner, which is what makes the depth of the pipework
  readable; a single frame of that wall flattens it. C19 measures how alike any
  two images here are and would say so if either pair were genuinely one shot
  filed twice.

THE GAP AT 28
  28 was a second frame of the pump strainer lid, taken in the same second as
  27 and differing only by camera shake. 27 is the sharper and is the one kept.
  Indices are permanent, so the gap stays: it means something was removed, not
  that something is missing. The register of every such gap is in NAMING.txt.

WHAT THIS FOLDER IS NOT FOR
  Counting anything on a wall. Use 08_panoramas/07, which is a reprojection of
  01 and has been counted: four drops, four handles, four pipes into the floor.
  A hand-held frame at this range foreshortens, and the room is small enough
  that you cannot stand back from anything.
