NAMING RULE
One grammar for every file in this archive. Anything added follows it.
The dated history of how it got this way is in CHANGELOG.txt.

TWO KINDS OF FILE, AND THAT IS THE WHOLE IDEA
  EVIDENCE is numbered. A photograph, a video, a drawing, a manual: anything
  the survey can cite. It takes an index and keeps it forever.

  APPARATUS is in capitals. READ-ME.txt, CATALOGUE.txt, SOURCES.txt,
  ANNOTATION-KEY.txt, CONTACT-SHEET.jpg: files that describe the folder they
  sit in rather than being part of it. They take no index, they are not counted
  as photographs, and the capitals are what tells you which kind you are
  looking at from the file name alone.

  The one exception is 01_survey, whose three files are the deliverable and are
  named by subject, because the README and anyone you send this to point
  straight at them.

THE PATTERN, FOR EVIDENCE
  <index>_<subject>[_<qualifier>][_<token>].<extension>

  index       Two digits, zero padded, sequential within its own folder,
              starting at 01. Assigned once and never changed. New files
              take the next free number rather than being slotted in.

  subject     What the file shows. Lower case, words joined by hyphens.
                filter-plate-kripsol, manifold-four-drops, level-column

  qualifier   Optional, and only when a file needs distinguishing from the
              one beside it. Says what makes it different, not what it is.
                annotated, angled, on-vessel, label, datasheet, listing

  token       Optional, always last, and always shaped so it cannot be read
              as an ordinary word:
                tHHMM      the moment the file was made  (photos, video)
                WIDTHxHEIGHT   pixel size                (panoramas, plots)
                en es fr   language of the document      (manuals)
                           es-en means the document carries both

  extension   Lower case.

SEPARATORS
  Underscore between fields. Hyphen between words inside a field.
  Never a space. Never a capital letter. Never a full stop except before
  the extension.

WHY IT LOOKS LIKE THIS
  The index makes the sort order match the order things were shot or the
  order water flows through them, so a directory listing reads as a
  sequence rather than an alphabet. The token is last and always marked, so
  a four digit number can only ever be a clock time and never part of a
  name. Two photographs of the same thing carry the same subject and are
  separated by their index, not by a letter glued onto the end.

WHAT A FILE SHOWS DOES NOT LIVE IN ITS NAME
  A name is a handle, not a description, and stretching it into one produces
  filenames nobody can type. One line per file, saying what it actually shows,
  is in MEDIA.tsv at the top of the repository, alongside that file's size,
  pixel dimensions, capture time and sha256:

      python3 tools/media.py show 04_plant-room     as a readable list
      python3 tools/media.py scan                   after adding or removing

  C21 fails if the two ever disagree, so the manifest cannot quietly go stale
  and a new file cannot arrive without a caption. Each folder's
  CONTACT-SHEET.jpg is the same thing as a picture, and is rebuilt by
  tools/media.py sheets; C22 fails when one no longer matches its folder.

THE FOLDERS
  00_inbox          New material, unsorted, named however it arrived.
  01_survey         The deliverable. Exempt from the index rule.
  02_printed-sheets The four printed pages from the room, photographed.
  03_nameplates     Plates and labels. Ordered along the water path:
                    filter, valve, pump, then the chemical.
  04_plant-room     Photographs of the plant room, in the order taken.
  05_balance-room   The balance tank and the hatch that reaches it.
  06_pool           The pool itself. Shape and layout, never dimensions.
  07_drawings       The owner's own drawings: the dimensioned sketch and the
                    scaled plan of both rooms.
  08_video          Phone pans.
  09_panoramas      Wide images, all of them reprojected from one photosphere.
  10_manuals        The makers' own documents. Ordered along the water path.
  11_products       Every chemical on the shelf, photographed with its label,
                    grouped by function rather than by the order shot.
  12_scan           A 3D scan of the plant room, and the plan derived from it.

  Every one of these carries its own apparatus file explaining what is in it,
  what it is good for, and what it must not be used for. Read that before the
  photographs.

  Folder numbers are a reading order. File indices are permanent and
  append-only, because things get cited by them ("photograph 34"); folder
  numbers are not cited that way, so a new category may be inserted in the
  middle where it belongs, and the folders after it renumbered.

DELETED INDICES
  An index is never reused, so a gap in a folder means something was removed
  rather than that something is missing. This is the register of those gaps.
  It is deliberately terse: where a deletion carries a lesson, the lesson
  lives in that folder's own READ-ME and this list only points at it.

    04_plant-room/28   2026-09-08  A second frame of the pump strainer lid,
                       taken in the same second as 27 and identical but for
                       camera shake. 27 is the sharper of the two and is the
                       one kept.
    09_panoramas/01    2026-09-08  Stitched, and wrong. See that folder's
    09_panoramas/02                READ-ME.txt, which explains why a stitch of
    09_panoramas/03                this room cannot be counted from.
    09_panoramas/04    2026-09-08  Byte-for-byte duplicate of
                       04_plant-room/20_electrical-panel-full_t1707.jpg.

A NOTE ON TIME TOKENS
  The token is the moment the FILE was made, which is usually but not always
  the moment the shutter opened. All three cases are checkable, and C23 checks
  them: the four digits must match a timestamp the file actually carries, so a
  plausible-looking number cannot be typed in during a rename.

  A PHOTOGRAPH carries its capture time in EXIF, and that is the token. An
  annotated copy keeps its parent's capture time and therefore its parent's
  token, which is right: it is the same moment in the room, marked up later.

  A FILE MADE BY EDITING ONE takes the time it was made. There is exactly one:
  07_drawings/01, a frame captured at 19:41 and drawn on until 19:46. The
  drawing is what the file is, so the token is 1946. MEDIA.tsv carries both
  times in its "captured" and "made" columns, which is what lets that token be
  verified rather than merely believed.

  A VIDEO takes the moment recording STARTED, in local time. MP4 records only
  a creation time in UTC that marks the end, so tools/media.py subtracts the
  duration and shifts the zone.

  A PNG carries no timestamp at all. For those the token was recovered once
  from the file's modification time, while that still meant something, and
  written into MEDIA.tsv. It is never read from the filesystem again: a clone
  resets mtimes, and a token that can only be checked on the machine it was
  made on is not checkable.
